tutorial RSS feeds (#488)
pyOpenSci/python-package-guide: tutorials/installable-code.md

---

> :og:description: Learn how to make your Python code installable so you can use it across projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:og:description: Learn how to make your code installable as a Python package using Hatch. This lesson walks you through structuring your code and configuring pyproject.toml so others can easily install and use your package.
```
